Document upgrade path for `--config` CLI option (#2041)
tailwindlabs/tailwindcss.com: src/docs/upgrade-guide.mdx

npx @tailwindcss/cli -i input.css -o output.css
```

#### CLI options

> In v3, you could use the `--config` option to point to your configuration file.
> In v4 there is no configuration file anymore. If you still require a
> configuration file, make sure to include it in your CSS file and use the `@config` directive:

Reviewer: What do you think about something like this? (probably still needs to be split across multiple lines tho)

```suggestion
In v3, you could use the `--config` option to point to your configuration file. Now that projects are configured via CSS this option is no longer available. For projects that require a configuration file for compatibility reasons, load the file by using the `@config` directive in your CSS:
```

<CodeExampleStack>

```css
/* [!code filename:input.css] */
@config "./tailwind.config.js";
```

```shell
npx @tailwindcss/cli -i input.css -o output.css

> ```

Reviewer: Should you include the config file content as an example code block too?
